1. Scenario: A user is required to enter a valid number in a form, but users
sometimes input invalid data.
Write logic to repeatedly prompt the user until they enter a valid integer.


Get input number
if number is equal to 0 or text
print Enter a valid data

2. Scenario: A data analysis tool processes a list of numbers and needs to identify
the most frequently occurring value.
Write logic to find the most frequently occurring number in a given list.


get input list of numbers
find out repeated value
if repeated value find
print "most frequently occuring number in a given list", list



3. Scenario: A text-processing application needs to compare words and check if
they are anagrams (contain the same letters in a different order).
Write logic to determine whether two given strings are anagrams.


Enter two  input text
if two text contains same letters
print "two given strings are anagrams"





4. Scenario: A speech analysis program needs to count the number of vowel
sounds in a given input.
Write logic to count the number of vowels in a given string.


input get "aeiouAEIOU"
if input contains above vowels
count the number of vowels
Print ("Total number of vowels", count)



5. Scenario: A text-editing software includes a feature to reverse the order of words
in a sentence for stylistic effects.
Write logic to reverse the order of words in a sentence while keeping the words
themselves intact.


input get text
reverse the text [::-1]
print reverse text

6. Scenario: A missing number is detected in a sequence of values stored in a
database.
Write logic to find the missing number in a list containing n-1 numbers from 1 to
n.


get numbers 1 to n
if sequence missed
print("missing number", list)



7. Scenario: An ATM machine processes withdrawal requests and needs to ensure
that users cannot withdraw more than their account balance.
Write logic to allow a withdrawal only if the balance is sufficient.


get the withdrawal amount
if withdraw amount >= account balance
print "in sufficient balance
if else
print "sufficient balance"

8. Scenario: A system needs to verify whether a given dataset contains duplicate
entries.
Write logic to check whether a given list contains duplicate values.


write a list of data set (1,2,3,4,5) 
get int(input) number
if number == list of data set
print "duplicate value"



9. Scenario: A digital calculator includes a feature to sum the digits of a number for
verification purposes.
Write logic to calculate the sum of all digits in a given integer.


get first number
get second number
and sum of all above two numbers
print (sum)



10. Scenario: A language-learning app wants to verify whether a given sentence is a
pangram (contains every letter of the alphabet at least once).


get sentence
if sentence contains 'a to z' at least once
not repeated alphabets get output and print




